Mr. Ji, why did you come in person?
Ouch remember
Welcome welcome
Shine.
Uh, this was the eldest daughter of my Qin family just now
Too ignorant
I just told you about a marriage recently and had a serious tantrum
Please take a seat
Xiaoxuan Social Medicine
He saved me last night in a critical moment
Otherwise, I'm afraid
Our Xiaoxuan went to medical school before
Well, I'm just scratching the surface
Can't get on the table
Can the system still work?
I'll go first when I have something to do
Dear, you will come to the company to repay tomorrow.
OK
Wow ok then I'll send it to you hey
What happened to Xiaoxuan?
Why would Mr. Ji ask that?
When will you become a doctor?
Mom actually
What mountain saves Ji Zong's poetry and poetry rain
Keep your voice down
Mr. Ji doesn't know yet, just his poem Love Poem Rain
So I just oops
You child
Xiaoxuan, don't worry.
I'll help you.
Hello, go check if there is anyone else in my room that night.